doc: RTT update (#7694)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/fmfu_smp_svr/README.rst

The sample also provides a UART overlay that will allow your sample to transfer at a speed of 1M baud, and it enables support for the ``fmfu_mgmt`` command group.
See :ref:`lib_fmfu_mgmt` for more details.

.. note::
   UART is the only transport method supported.

>    RTT is enabled by default to ensure the log generated by the sample or other subsystems can be viewed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   RTT is enabled by default to ensure that a user can view the log output generated by the sample or other subsystems.
```
Just a suggestion, not sure if it really made it better.

Author: Rephrased a bit but kept the suggested structure, thanks!
